# `cazy_webscraper` Manuscript Supplementary Information

This directory contains supplementary information for the `cazy_webscraper` manuscript:

**Preprint:** Emma E. M. Hobbs, Tracey M. Gloster, Leighton Pritchard (2022) _cazy_webscraper: local compilation and interrogation of comprehensive CAZyme datasets_, bioRxiv 2022.12.02.518825; doi: [https://doi.org/10.1101/2022.12.02.518825](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2022.12.02.518825v1.full)

```bash
@article {Hobbs2022.12.02.518825,
	author = {Emma E. M. Hobbs and Tracey M. Gloster and Leighton Pritchard},
	title = {cazy_webscraper: local compilation and interrogation of comprehensive CAZyme datasets},
	elocation-id = {2022.12.02.518825},
	year = {2022},
	doi = {10.1101/2022.12.02.518825},
	publisher = {Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory},
	journal = {bioRxiv}
}
```

All additional files for the manuscript are availalbe in the zip file `MS_supplementary_material.zip`, which includes a README file summarising each additional file. The content of this README file can also be found below:

# Additional files

## Additional file 1 — RMarkdown notebook

Zip file containing a RMarkdown notebook and all required data files to
perform statistical tests and generate figures. (ZIP 58KB)

## Additional file 2 — Kingdom distribution per CAZy family

The proportions and presence/absence plots of CAZymes per taxonomic
kingdom in each CAZy family. (PDF 46KB)

## Additional file 3 — NCBI archaeal lineages

Alluvial plot for all lineages retrieved from NCBI for all archaeal
CAZymes in CAZy, from kingdom to genus. (SVG 175KB)

## Additional file 4 — AOY60013.1 dbCAN output

dbCAN prediction of CAZyme domains in NCBI protein AOY60013.1. (ZIP 3KB)

## Additional file 5 — BLASTP AOY60013.1 vs NCBI nr

BLASTP protein NCBI AOY60013.1 against the NCBI nr database (September
2022). (ZIP 157KB)

## Additional file 6 — Binding site structure comparison

Additional annotations of conserved active site and binding site
residues in *HX109_05010*, *TBR22_41900*, *HUW50_16055* and PDB 6GOC,
4CAG, 1DEO and 2W47. (PDF 1577KB)

## Additional file 7 — *HX109_05010* predicted structural fold

All outputs from Alphafold (including MSA coverage and probability
plots) for *HX109_05010*. (ZIP 383KB)

## Additional file 8 — BLASTP *HX109_05010* vs NCBI nr

BLASTP protein *HX109_05010* against the NCBI nr database (May 2022).
(CSV 13KB)

## Additional file 9 — DeepTMHMM *HX109_05010* output

All outputs from DeepTMHMM for *HX109_05010*. (ZIP, 59KB).

## Additional file 10 — CE19 clusters

CSV file summarising CE19 clustering, cluster members and proteins
represented in RCSB PDB. (ZIP 3KB)

## Additional file 11 — BLASTP *TBR22_41900* vs CE19

BLASTP *TBR22_41900* against CE19. Output from querying *TBR22_41900*
against all CE19 members. (CSV 5KB)

## Additional file 12 — *D6B99_08585* dbCAN output

Predicted CAZyme domain output from dbCAN for *D6B99_08585*, AYD47656.1.
(ZIP 2KB)

## Additional file 13 — BLASTP *TBR22_41900* vs NCBI nr

Output from BLASTP *TBR22_41900* against the NCBI nr database (June
2022). (CSV 25KB)

## Additional file 14 — *TBR22_41900* predicted structural fold

All outputs from Alphafold (including MSA coverage and probability
plots) for *TBR22_41900*. (ZIP 602KB)

## Additional file 15 — BLASTP *TBR22_41900* output

BLASTP output of *TBR22_41900* queried against all characterised CE
structures. (CSV 2KB)

## Additional file 16 — HHpred output

Output from querying *TBR22_41900* against the PDB database using HHpred
(June 2022). (ZIP 232KB)

## Additional file 17 — CE19 *TBR22_41900* structure comparison

Result of superimposing PDB structures 6GOC, 3GY8, 3NUZ and 6RUI onto
the predicted *TBR22_41900* structure. (DOCX 3758KB in BioRxiv, a PDF version is availalbe in this repo)

## Additional file 18 — CE12 clusters

CSV files summarising CE12 clustering, cluster members and proteins
represented in RCSB PDB. (CSV 44KB)

## Additional file 19 — Predicted *HUW50_16055* structural folds

All outputs from Alphafold (including MSA coverage and probability
scores) for *HUW50_16055* CAZyme domains. (ZIP 1181KB)

## Additional file 20 — Scripts to perform analyses

ZIP file containing Bash and Python scripts used to perform the
presented analyses, alongside a README file walk-through. (ZIP, 23KB).

## Additional file 21 — Proteins with multiple taxonomies

Log file generated by `cazy_webscraper` listing all instances where
multiple source organises were listed for the same protein. (TXT 15KB)

## Additional file 22 — Archaeal lineages

Archaeal lineages. All lineages retrieved from NCBI Taxonomy for all
archeal CAZymes in the local CAZyme database. (CSV 13KB)

## Additional file 23 — PL20 sequences

FASTA file of protein sequences for all PL20 members. (FASTA 16KB)

## Additional file 24 — CE19 sequences

FASTA file of protein sequences for all CE19 members. (FASTA 148KB)

## Additional file 25 — CE12 sequences

FASTA file of protein sequences for all CE12 members. (FASTA 1493KB)

## Additional file 26 — dbCAN *HUW50_16055* output

dbCAN CAZyme domain predictions for *HUW50_16055*. (ZIP 3KB)

## Additional file 27 — *HUW50_16055* CE12 alignment

Alignment from querying *HUW50_16055* against structurally characterised
CE12 proteins using BLASTP. (TXT 3KB)

## Additional file 28 — *HUW50_16055* PL11 alignment

Alignment from querying *HUW50_16055* against structurally characterised
PL11 proteins using BLASTP. (TXT 4KB)

## Additional file 29 — *HUW50_16055* CBM35 alignment

Alignment from querying *HUW50_16055* against structurally characterised
CBM35 proteins using BLASTP. (TXT 5KB)
